Documentation changes for EC2 spot instances (#432)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/gsctl/show-nodepool.md

Example

```nohighlight
ID:                                            op1dl

> Name:                                          First test node pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name:                                          General purpose node pool
```

Example

```nohighlight
ID:                                            op1dl
Name:                                          General purpose node pool
Node instance type:                            m4.xlarge - 16 GB RAM, 4 CPUs each
Alike instances types:                         true
Availability zones:                            A
On-demand base capacity:                       0
Spot percentage above base capacity:           40

> Node scaling:                                  Pinned to 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node scaling:                                  Autoscaling between 2 and 10
```

- **Availability zones**:                  The availability zone(s) assigned to this node pool, abbreviated to one letter. Note that it is not guaranteed that all shown availability zones have worker nodes at all times.
- **On-demand base capacity**:             Number of on-demand instances that this node pool needs to have until spot instances are used
- **Spot percentage above base capacity**: Percentage of spot instances used once the on-demand base capacity is fullfilled. A number of 40 would mean that 60% will be on-demand and 40% will be spot instances.
- **Node scaling**:                        Current scaling setting of the node pool. When the lower and upper end of the scaling range are the same number, the pool size is "Pinned" at  certain number of worker nodes. Otherwise the node pool uses the Kubernetes autoscaler to set the amount of worker nodes within the configured range.
- **Nodes desired**:                       The expected number of nodes. With auto-scaling active, this is the number determined by the autoscaler.
- **Nodes in state Ready**:                The current number of worker nodes which are in state `Ready`.

> - **Spot instances**:                      The current number of spot instances in this node pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spot instances**:                      The current number of worker nodes using spot instances.
```
